Pending Items.

1. Save navigation in sessions
2. Create html helper for updateable table
3. Consider using interfaces on data models and core
4. Randomize Bearer Token, Put Bearer Token In Database
5. If Template is per module. add module on context and mapping,register repository,  and fix api routes an apiservices in web layer, make guid unique in context
6. Release pipelines WebAppName is still templateapi_qa
7. Hash the api key and secret / Implement OAuth2 
8. Improve the release pipelines to set the port number in variables and ssl thumbprint
9. Find a way to change artifact on release pipelines template
10. SqlEFMigrationScriptPath is not sync vs artifacts
11. Create Individual Template and identify modules that are templatetable
12. sendgrid not working/Gmail Smtp
13. bug on template when creating new module. need to edit routes
15. level 2 navigation in template
16. page size cannot be changed by the user in template
17. include reactjs on template
18. Passed an object of that core class in "updatefrom" method to make it easier to maintain rather than passing all the parameters to the method. (Mapping can be used)
19. Apply search enhancement based on ARS with sir freds recommendation (Budget query)
21. Comment and feedback section
22. Privacy Policy Section
23. About System Section
24. Resource based auth  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authorization/resourcebased?view=aspnetcore-3.1
26. Remove EF on ym pipelines in Web Project
27. Changes in release pipelines template from _Filinvest.DigitalForms.Forms.WebApi. to _Filinvest.DigitalForms.Forms.Api and the Build Pipelines that was used is for ArsLogs
28. Replaece also all small letter
29. Find all string with small letters "templateapi, template, etc" saw one in release of identity
30. Parametarized the parameter in release pipelines to make it work in replacer
31. Bug on migration script. Token Is Null
32. Change default api for ms and google auth

1. React.js
2. Angular.js
3. Save navigation (pagination, sort, search) in sessions efficiently
4. Implement OAuth2.0 manually without api gateway.

Other Notes:

datetime will be converted to utc on apis
there should always be time to handle different time zones on api



Done List
20. Do not sent username in header


Optional




Manual Usage of Api Template.
1. Add new data model to context
2. Add new repos to start up
3. Add necessary fields and relation ships.. adjust field of all layers
4. Adjust all updates function based on new fields (Including Command and Query Pattern) and (Include Tables)
5. Add Mapping

Manual Usage of Web Template.
1. Add resource items entry
2. Add on navigation menu with initial authorize attributes
3. Add api services from the start up
4. Add fields from the model and new resource item again
5. Apply/Fill dropdowns/ selection to related ui. (Needed to add apiservice to page model , OnGet/OnPost)
6. Adjust UI for new fields with dropdown

Deployment Steps.
1. Setup Connection String
2. Setup Tokens




















